show how to connect to remote endpoints (#1)
elastic/powershell: Elastic.Console/README.md

'@
```

> The default endpoint is `http://localhost:9200` but to connect to a specific endpoint use the `-Uri` parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default endpoint is `http://localhost:9200` but you can connect to any host and port
```

```powershell

> es -Uri http://192.168.0.1:9200 _cat/indices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
es https://example.com:9200/_cat/indices
```
